Developer Journey - Level 1 docs (#1786)
dfinity/portal: docs/tutorials/developer-journey/level-1/1.2-motoko-lvl1.md

```
let x = 1; /// declaration
let y = x + 1; /// declaration
x * y + x; /// expression
```

In this snippet, the program's type is `Nat` (natural number), since when the program is run, the result value is a `Nat` value of 3. We dive into value types in [values](#values-and-evaluation).

Now, let's build upon this small snippet. If we introduce a block with enclosing braces `do {` and `}` and another variable `z`, we can amend our original program as follows:

```
let z = do {
  let x = 1;
  let y = x + 1;
  x * y + x
};
```

The variable `z` now stores the result value of `3`, and can be called by additional methods. 

Next, let's look at using and importing the base Motoko library. 

## Using the base library

Motoko is designed to minimize built-in types and operations, so whenever possible the Motoko base library provides the necessary operations and types for developers to utilize. 

The base library includes a selection of modules that focus on the core features of Motoko. The base library is still under development, and is expected to grow in size as additional features are developed. 

> To import the base library, the `import` keyword can be used at the start of your Motoko code file. After the `import` keyword, you need to provide a **local module name** and a **file pat**h that the import declaration can use to locate the imported module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import the base library, the `import` keyword can be used at the start of your Motoko code file. After the `import` keyword, you need to provide a **local module name** and a **file path** that the import declaration can use to locate the imported module.
```

For example, to import a local module named 'Debug', we can use the following import statement:

> ```

Reviewer: Comment concerning all the code snippets. Can't we use 

```Motoko
```

for all of them? It would be nice to have a consistent color scheme.

```
import Debug "mo:base/Debug";
Debug.print(debug_show(("hello", 42, "world")))
```

This program, when run, will return:

```
("hello", 42, "world")
```

This transformation function can be used to print most Motoko data types as text to be used for debugging. 

## Passing text arguments

To wrap things up, let's take a look at how text arguments can be passed into a function. First, consider the following code example:

```
actor {
public func location(city : Text) : async Text {
    return "Hello, " # city # "!";
};
};
```

In this example, we define a single actor with the function `location`, which accepts a `Text` input for the value of `city`. Then, it returns the output 'Hello, `city`!". 

If this example is used in a live canister, the canister can be called and an input text argument can be passed to the function, such as:

```
dfx canister call location_hello_backend location "San Francisco"
```

In this example call, there is a space in between 'San' and 'Francisco', so the argument must be enclosed in quotes. The output of this canister call will be:

```
("Hello, San Francisco!")
```

> Alternatively, if no space is used in the argument, it can be passed without quotes, since Candid will infer the data type as `Text`, such as:

Reviewer: It could be useful to link back to the Candid section here.
